Hey everybody, welcome back to Boost
Your Income with Bootstrap to WordPress.
My name is Brad Hussey and
we're about to code a section
that includes my face as Elvis.
[MUSIC]
All right, and now we're gonna code
the big, sexy instructor section.
And by big, sexy instructor, I mean huh?
No?
Okay.
This section, it's quite nice.
And there's a few things
here that are cool.
Just some typographic elements,
like a header
with some small text,
kind of within that header, we
have some leading text just some general
content here, a big background image.
This isn't just an image it's
actually a background image.
You have some numbers here and
these are CSS3 circles.
We'll be jumping into that
in the following lecture but
first let's get ourselves
going with this HTML.
Jump into your code editor and in your
index file, scroll down to the instructor
section and that's where we're
gonna be adding some major markup.
Here we go, id instructor, whoops.
All right, and then we're gonna
add a container class div here.
And between there we'll add a row.
And then in between there we'll
add a column small eight.
And we're actually gonna add
some additional classes here so
I can show you a little bit more of
the power of Bootstrap's grid system.
But right now,
let's just start with small eight, and
then I'll show you why we're going to need
to add some additional classes there.
So it gets a little bit trickier.
And you can see that there's more
useful ways you can use that.
But let's continue first,
and then we'll get there.
And this is a row.
And then in between row we're
going to add another column.
And that's going to be call large eight,
and I'll show you why in a moment,
h2, Your Instructor.
And then a small tag.
Brad Hussey.
All right.
And then after the eight,
we want a col-lg-4,
because we obviously want
this to equate or equal 12.
So this will be four, and our large
four column will have a tag href.
And that's gonna be my Twitter,
https://twitter.com/bradhussey.
And we're gonna open that in a new window.
And then we're gonna add some classes
here, badge, social, and twitter.
And we'll get to those
classes in the next lecture.
And in between this a tag, we're gonna
have an i tag with a class of fa for
font awesome and fa-twitter.
And that should give us
the Twitter logo in a font.
So, copy that.
And we're just gonna paste
that again two more times, and
just change a few of these attributes and
the values.
This will be facebook.com/bradhussey.
And you could use your own links here.
But because this is what we're building,
we're just gonna use what I already have.
This will be Facebook.
And this will be Facebook.
All right?
And then the last one will be Google Plus.
So it's plus.tway.
Oh, sorry, google.com/+BradHussey and
that would be badge social
gplus is what the class we're
going to give it and
this will be fa-google-plus.
All right save that and
let's just give that a little look see.
What've we got here?
So very simple.
Not very much here.
So your instructor.
We got some icons here.
Clearly they're not the way that
they're so supposed to be styled but
we'll get there.
And we have our columns.
So let me just explain
a little something here.
Why do we have a row and then another
column, and then inside that column,
we have a row, and then more columns.
So we actually are gonna have initially,
we're gonna have a col-sm-8,
so we want it to have space on
the right side for the instructors.
So over here, this is our col-sm-8, and
we want to have this much space over here.
So we can see our instructor.
Actually I think the column small
eight is a little bit bigger here.
And let me just inspect element.
Here's our instructor,
section, container, right?
Row, and
then inside of row we have our col-sm-8.
You'll see that there's also
something here called col-md-6,
which is col medium six.
And that's because,
when you shrink your window size,
when you're on smaller screens, so here.
It'll go to a col-sm-8.
And then, it will eventually go full
width here, like it's usually does.
But, when you add an extra class,
col-sm-8, and then add here col-md-6.
That basically says when you're on
small screens give it an eight column,
when you're on medium
screens give it a six column.
You can also add a col large something.
And if you want large screens you
have a specific grid width and
then medium and then small.
So the reason why I do that is because
we want to be able to have that text
not be so shrinked.
So if I kept this as col-sm-8 and
then I shrunk it,
it wouldn't have the same layout.
I want it to be able to grow
a little bit as I shrink.
So, you could see here.
It maintains that size.
If I were to do something here,
let me just show you as an example.
So it's not too confusing.
I'm just gonna, in the final
site I'm gonna get rid of that.
So here this is actually
an eight column grid.
You could see that it's wider than.
Let's go to the WordPress version and
you can see it's wider and
we don't necessarily want that
because it's just too wide.
I wanted it smaller.
It looked nicer.
And then here,
it starts getting in the way,
crossing over with the background
image and it doesn't look as good.
Here is fine.
So when you add col-md-6, let me
just go back to the full width here,
medium screen sizes and
larger will have a six column, so
this is actually half six, and
then this is six over here,
and then when you get smaller,
it jumps into an eight column grid.
So that you can actually, there you go.
There's your eight column grid, rather
than six, which would be this wide, so
it would be too small, and the text would
be all bunched up in this little box.
So, that's why we're doing that.
So, then, add your column medium six.
Okay, and now in this big mess of
HTML code here, after your row,
within your col-sm-8,
we wanna add some content.
And the bio should be in the copy deck.
And we're gonna start off with
a paragraph with a class of lead.
And then we will just
start adding our text.
You don't have to obviously, I am not
going to just type it all out because
that'll take too long and it's pointless.
I am just going to paste all the rest of
the content and in the copy deck you could
be able to do that, add your paragraph
tags and then the content here.
You kind of have free reign there.
After the last paragraph tag,
add a horizontal rule.
And then, an h3,
the numbers in a small tag.
They don't lie.
All right, I'm gonna tab this in here.
Because it's not fully tabbed in.
There we go.
I believe I got this correct.
Now down here,
there should be another after the h3.
We want to add another row.
You can nest columns within columns
as long as you open it up with a row.
That's important because columns,
the class of column, small whatever or
a large whatever, they have left margin,
and the row has negative left margin so
it'll jut it over that 15 or
30 pixels, whatever it is.
And then here we're gonna add a col-xs for
extra small.
4, so this means that extra small screens
maintain the column, the grid base layout,
other than just having it be full width,
and that's what's also cool about this.
We're gonna add a div
with the class of num.
Inside there, we're gonna add a div
with the class of num-content.
Then within there,
let's just add some numbers.
41,000+, I believe at this point,
I'm actually at about 48,000 students.
Now copy that column altogether.
Make some space there,
paste it again couple more times.
Just gonna change some stuff up here.
So this will be 568 reviews, and
this last one will be 8 courses.
Okay, now, save that and you should
have all the content for this section.
All right, it's getting there,
you can see, it's got the right idea.
Here's the final one, here's your version.
You got the text here.
You got the numbers.
You got the hr.
Very kind of light there.
Can't really see it.
And you got our text.
Now we're gonna jump in and
just do, let's see.
Let's add our background white and
me, Elvis.
Because I'm Elvis.
Go to your CSS.
Under your featurette section,
select the instructor ID.
And give it the background of white and
URL of ../img/brad-elvis.
That picture is in there.
.png.
And we're going 90%.
And negative 10 pixels will be
the position of this background.
And I'll show you why.
Save it.
Check it out.
Here I am.
All in there, it looks good.
Perfect.
But, what's with the 90% and the 10?
Well let's just go 0 and 0 for top left.
What happens?
Well that's not right.
I want to be over here.
So what if I said 100% for fully right.
Okay, well that's okay.
But what if I wanted myself a little bit
closer in, I'm a little bit separated from
the content here, so 90%, that brings
me in a little bit towards the left.
There I am, looks good.
And now 0,
it just means top, but
I want to be just a little further up.
Trim off some of the top here.
There we go, just ten pixels up.
And there it is.
There's our content and
all that sort of stuff.
Now what we'll probably do is leave
the lecture at this because that was quite
a bit and
we're gonna jump into the next lecture.
We're gonna do some CSS, we're gonna
style up these icons and these circles.
And a few other things.
See you there.
[MUSIC]